Updating storage-blob's README to include changes for BlobOutputStream#close (#29734)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/storage/azure-storage-blob/CHANGELOG.md

## 12.18.0-beta.2 (Unreleased)

### Features Added

> - BlobOutputStream.close() will now ignore STREAM_CLOSED exception when called multiple times.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- BlobOutputStream.close() will now attempt to close the stream at first attempt. Subsequent calls to close have no effect.
```
